Added PSAP 4.10 release notes (#42165)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

The Special Resource Operator (SRO) now exposes metrics to help you watch the health of your SRO custom resources and objects. For more information, see xref:../hardware_enablement/psap-special-resource-operator.html#special-resource-operator-metrics_special-resource-operator[Prometheus Special Resource Operator metrics].

[id="ocp-4-10-nto-metrics"]
==== New Node Tuning Operator metric added to Telemetry

> A Node Tuning Operator (NTO) metric is now added to Telemetry. Follow xref:../support/remote_health_monitoring/showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring.adoc#showing-data-collected-from-the-cluster_showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring[Showing data collected by Telemetry] to run the latest query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Node Tuning Operator (NTO) metric is now added to Telemetry. Follow xref:../support/remote_health_monitoring/showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring.adoc#showing-data-collected-from-the-cluster_showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring[Showing data collected by Telemetry] to see all the metrics collected by Telemetry.
```

The query is mainly there for the curious, but isn't something that users typically would run manually.

Author: Thank you! updated

The Special Resource Operator (SRO) now exposes metrics to help you watch the health of your SRO custom resources and objects. For more information, see xref:../hardware_enablement/psap-special-resource-operator.html#special-resource-operator-metrics_special-resource-operator[Prometheus Special Resource Operator metrics].

[id="ocp-4-10-nto-metrics"]
==== New Node Tuning Operator metric added to Telemetry

> A Node Tuning Operator (NTO) metric is now added to Telemetry. Follow xref:../support/remote_health_monitoring/showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring.adoc#showing-data-collected-from-the-cluster_showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring[Showing data collected by Telemetry] to see all the metrics collected by Telemetry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Node Tuning Operator (NTO) metric is now added to Telemetry. xref:../support/remote_health_monitoring/showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring.adoc#showing-data-collected-from-the-cluster_showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring[Showing data collected by Telemetry] details all of the metrics collected by Telemetry.
```
Purely a suggestion to avoid `Follow`.

[id="ocp-4-10-nfd-topology-updater"]

> ==== NFD Topology Updater is now available

Reviewer 3: /lgtm
